hello everyone welcome to my channel um
this is another livestream and I'm so
excited about it because this live
stream is coming from 500 startups
office in mom you and this is where my
company started in 2015 in April we got
into 500 batch 13 and we got a first
money from investors and this was so
exciting because we were running out of
money and I wasn't sure to be able to
curl the company but then we got
accepted and we got into this office and
this office is B so hard yeah I see
people joining so I will be recording
this light of his livestream and this
will be posted on my channel as well so
um guys this is all about startups and
fundraising so if you have any questions
if you're running your own startup or
planning to do so please ask your
questions so the thing I wanted to start
with look this is like something I love
love love about this office is the view
um so I'll try and show it right now so
here is the view um if you look outside
from this window there's a tower over
there okay you might not see it I'll try
to zoom it okay no that wouldn't work
but there is Stanford um you can see
from this window and there's nine of you
so we're actually in the tallest
building in Mount you look at that isn't
that the most beautiful view and here
you see the current batch of startups oh
there's someone watching from Stanford
you know what you can wave your hand and
say hi because I'm waving to you from
from the office yay hi
so and yeah behind me all of the current
companies and today is actually a
welcome night for them so they just got
into the accelerator they're all excited
about what's going to happen next and
we're going to see their pitches and I'm
hoping to get some interviews I don't
know whether they will be open to it
so yeah I'm in 500 startups office in
Mountain View this is Castro Street hard
of mom you yes the viewer the view is
really really beautiful and this is the
opportunity guys to ask me any questions
that you have about 511 500 Mexico
that's so exciting good morning from
Morocco I like our geography once again
sir a little bread I actually just went
for a swim because it's 28 celcius high
Sueno Celsius and um yeah very nice
weather I want to start a business like
you um yeah just find something that you
love and yeah hi from Cupertino this is
really close this is where Apple has his
headquarters um so I started my first
company um I was 21 and I was still at
the University and I met my co-founder
and he said you were so good at
languages maybe we should set something
on our own and I was like oh I'm just 21
I haven't worked for any big company I'm
really afraid to start my own business
but he was like no we should try and
then one of my friends came to me and
said Marina I want to learn English in
the UK and you know some schools there
maybe you could help me organize my trip
I was like yeah let's do it
and so my co-founder and I we started a
company just for that girl and we
started sending students from st.
Petersburg in Russia to study abroad but
then in 2013 we realized that we don't
want to stay in st. Petersburg we don't
want say Russia we want to go global we
want to build an international booking
platform for language courses abroad
and we started coding the platform and
you know coding is really really
expensive because um I'm actually just
on guys I'm going to put my phone over
here because my hand gets really tired I
was just standing and talking to you
yeah yes Danny
so um okay so yeah and we started to
code the platform we hide some
developers and then we realize we're
running out of money because developers
charge a lot of money and we're like oh
my god
where any other money we might not be
able to build the company so it took us
two years to build the initial code and
then yeah and then we started
fundraising because we realized we won't
be able to do to create the company with
our own money and we started applying to
different accelerators so we applied Y
Combinator 500 startups we got a very
friendly intro and we were accepted just
off to the interview and what 500 does
is they gave us $100,000 as investment
and they took a small percentage of a
company right now they invest they
actually invest 125 thousand American
dollars and take five percent of your
company and I think this is a these are
really good terms for startup because
the most important thing that we go from
500 is of course money because as I said
we're running out of money and we didn't
have money to pay a developers and the
second thing we got off the network so
once you are in 500 startups and you
want to fundraise you want to talk to
Silicon Valley investors you say hey I'm
from current 500 startups patch and
they're like oh we know 500 startups the
acceptance rate to this accelerator is
less than 5% so it's actually more
competitive than Stanford for example
and it was really easy for us to get
different people that are really hiring
high ranking or whatever so we had
dinner with LinkedIn co-founder we were
able to talk to Google we got an advisor
from Airbnb and this is just thanks to
this very place like thanks to 500
startups
and yeah they they take around five
percent of your company see I think this
is pretty cool and then you erase and
then like the program is four months and
then you have your demo day and you
present in front of 700 investors what's
the difference between the startup and
the accelerated programs in 500 sorry um
I didn't get it I didn't get the
question so there are different
accelerated programs there's also Y
Combinator and if you know Airbnb if you
know Dropbox they graduated from my
Combinator and YC a famous invest like
120,000 K and take 5% thanks to
inspiration thank you thank you for
watching
um your voice is low the gaseous game is
a good
by the way guys if you're enjoying this
livestream don't forget to like it
because it's really important to me um
to know what content you like and what
country
where should I focus my attention like
to create more content that you like
yeah so I'll show you a little a little
you know I remember just sitting in this
corner and working on my laptop ah yeah
yeah actually so a startup is a highly
scalable company so for example if we
take my first company which was a study
abroad agency and it was based in st.
Petersburg and I wasn't able to reach
any other clients from any other
countries but once we started the
booking platform immediately I was able
to go to like our team was able to go to
other different countries so reach
people from Spain from Germany just
because everything is online and this is
the concepts of startup in order to grow
you don't have to hire like thousands of
people and open your offices you just
spray your technology around so this is
my definition of a startup
Shanna's median danke foodie infirmity
on danke food add a comment tada
do you have any tips for a high school
student working on a setup so I was a
high school student working on my
business and I think it's really
important that you um you know dedicate
all of your free time to that you
believe in yourself because if you don't
believe in yourself no one would believe
in you feeling me like I had so many
relatives who told me oops it's bowling
gosh okay I'm holding my phone uh see ya
um a lot of my relatives would tell me
that you would have to go to work for a
bank
because it's better um and I was the
only one who believed in running a
startup so yeah hi hi yeah it's a little
hot in here hello hello everyone I see
more people joining and guys with you
liking me please like um yeah so if you
have any more questions again I'm very
happy to answer them because I want to
shoot a video as well here what is the
valuation of your company when they give
you the one hundred thousand they take
five percent of your company so you can
calculate what's the evaluation can you
yeah it's around the million um thanks
for tips thank you thank you for
watching thanks for asking you questions
yeah um what else is really cool about
500 um another thing that is really cool
is that we still stay family so with so
500 family and you know I graduated we
are team graduated from 502 years ago
and I still can come here and I know a
lot of people I can say hi I can ask
them for help if I need some intros well
well in which is duty to your business
so in our company will send people to
study languages abroad and we have 11
different languages
you can study our most popular language
is English then we have Spanish so you
can go to Spain or Mexico to study
Spanish oh one minute yep 2 million
sorry guys the valuation with 2 million
how many people in your team we have
around 12 now so 12 full-time and then
we have contractors as well um yeah we
didn't raise a Series A and I explain
why I angel round was quite big for us
and then we became profitable last year
and we realized that we don't want to
lose any more equity of our company and
we actually don't need a lot of money
because we are profitable already so we
decided not to raise right now maybe we
would raise later but right now we just
don't need money
well we don't need investor money
because they're very expensive you give
give away your equity so you lose a part
of your company when you fundraise so
we're pretty happy what we have with
what we have now we have really cool
angel investors who help us a lot I just
got a 118 in TOEFL congratulations
that's so cool like this is the best
feeling in the world when I'm reading
your comments guys and you share that
you got into university of your dreams
you passed TOEFL you started a company
or whatever so this is the most exciting
thing in the world helping you achieve
your dreams and being like this tiny
tiny part of your life are those people
from your team working in u.s. such as
you we have a couple of people in the
USA we have some people in Russia we
have some people in Chile we have some
people in Ukraine we have people all
over the place
greetings from Brazil thank you thanks a
lot all right we have some people in
Mexico as well I really went to study in
USA and experienced in company there I
had to send you guys like this was my
dream two years ago I will come to
drones of some days yeah I'm here with
my mom by the way and I'm showing her
like where we started in the States how
I first came to mom you and I just
remember this feeling when I came here I
couldn't believe that this is happening
to us like seriously my friend got 36
give him an advice oh he needs to study
more 36 is yeah it's pretty low sorry
but I'm just I'm just being bold 436 I'm
TOEFL we're talking about TOEFL uh my
mom my mom's name is a lot of she's
somewhere around here um hey yeah this
is actually a like conference room where
you can come and have a call or you can
have a live stream on YouTube
oh hi from Redwood City I like that we
have a geography which is around here hi
Brazil hello hello Peabody is so good to
see you I'm just thinking where should I
put my phone so I don't have to hold it
yeah I'll try this place once again why
did you choose to live in San Francisco
and not in palo alto area um there's um
sowerberry's zones close up I'm so
professional so professional I K I'll
just hold it with my finger so first
reason is that I don't want to drive I
don't like to drive and being in Palo
Alto means that a lot of events take
place somewhere on the area so I need to
try and the second reason is that
actually all of the events are in San
Francisco a lot of them I had are there
and we have a lot of meetings in San
Francisco so just you know being close
to the location where everything is
happening and maybe the third reason
that I just realized when I'm here today
it's really hot here and you have the
swimming pool and the sun is shining and
you feel like you're on vacation and
it's really hard to work like when we
lived here we were in the office and we
had all of the people around us working
and we had air conditioning but then
when the batch finished we lived in our
apartment and our apartment didn't have
air conditioning was really hard to work
so really hard to concentrate in San
Francisco everybody's working no one is
chilling so I think yeah these are a
couple of reasons and the thing will
spawn the next year in San Francisco as
well but then I'm seriously considering
moving to here to the valley because
yeah it's warmer it's nice more relaxed
but right now I feel that I need to work
a lot Oh
ah hello Brazil bro
I'm going to about my oven
Saturday do you have any final tips my
mom by the way say hi you have to wear a
steamer
so um yeah final tips for pitching your
company just be confident you know what
gave me confidence I knew that we have a
lot of clients and I know that they love
what we do and in the end I didn't care
about what investors think because I
know I love my company and I love what
I'm doing and I love my clients and
whatever that guy is thinking that my
company is it will work I don't
care like because I know deep inside
that I love what I do and this feeling
should like give you all of the
confidence in the world because you know
we um I think we bitched a company to
around maybe 200 people 250 people and
the majority of them said no like more
than 90% of them yeah more than 90% of
them said no but then there were people
who said yes and these are the most
important people because they're not
part of the team they invested their own
money to help us grow so be prepared
normally like what people say here it
takes around 170 meetings to raise
around and this also means that you
would hear around 168 knows and it's
very common when you fundraise so first
50 meetings in here know but then 50
first you say you hear yes and
everything becomes so much easier
because when you pitch to other
investors you say that somebody already
committed their own money so you
that's that's all life fundraising life
is can you talk more about study abroad
of course but I think I will make a
separate translation on study abroad
because it's just because I'm in this
location 500 startups you know startup
environment I decided to do a little
about running your startup but also if
you have any questions about study
abroad feel free to ask them
I'm happy to answer I just like our
spontaneous live streams and an
opportunity to to hear questions were
worried about of any clubs in university
to deepen your knowledge in a particular
field
unfortunately in Russia we don't have a
lot of clubs but I took extra English
classes and I got my diploma in English
translation when I was studying
economics and I also did dancing I was
added German so I did a lot of languages
how would you start a business as an
immigrant ah it doesn't matter if you're
immigrant a not-so in the states you can
start a company even if you're in a
tourist visa or if you're abroad you
don't need to be a resident kimino you
neither is okay yeah I wouldn't allow
HIV study abroad to of course just ask
the questions whatever are you hired an
intern no we're not hiring interns right
now unfortunately
but we will let you know like once we
need I think we would need a pretty soon
would need a Spanish speaker to intern
or to help us out and then to become a
full-time employee someone from whatever
South America or Spain who speaks good
English as well because we all speak
English
what is your startup my setup is lingua
TOCOM study abroad booking platform what
country should I choose for masters in
information technology Germany or Canada
this is a very good question so in my
opinion you need to think five years
upfront
so for Canada if you do your bachelor's
and master's in Canada you get three
years of work permits so you can look
for an employer you can yeah you can
look for a job in Germany it's
completely different so once you have
finished your studies you either need to
find an employer who would sponsor your
work visa this is the full majority of
countries I don't know exactly where you
come from but if you're from Europe then
it doesn't matter but if you're not then
you would need to look for an employer
who would sponsor your visa how many
languages do you know
so Russian is my native language English
is my second language German is my third
language and I speak a little Italian hi
do you make like oh no live on YouTube I
go once a week I try Spanish is easy to
Brazilians yeah I think we would
consider Brazilians as well but they
need to be really good at Spanish look
really really good because also I would
also need to help translate some parts
of a website into Spanish what is that
you're holding oh this is actually a
charger for my phone because my phone is
almost dead and I don't want to it to be
dead during the livestream sound like
don't die boys your favorite music um I
like Li Li a Linda like keen I won't ask
about visa go ahead
I can guys I'm not a lawyer um I don't
really know a lot of stuff about visas
but if I've gone through that experience
I can definitely help you um ah favorite
song
good question changes every day but I
really like leave it out in littlest
things I'm actually singing it tomorrow
during my singing class a when age did
you start learning English I started
when I was four years old so I started
with basic English like hi this is dog
this is cat
Chow why do you study a little Italian I
just I just like the language um and
just like Italian language um okay guys
I think we're gonna um you know what
we're gonna do I'm gonna take you around
I'm just gonna sorry oops yeah I just
want to see what's the battery situation
I'm just going to take you around the
office and I'll show you a little of 500
office and then I'm gonna end this
livestream but I'll wait for your
questions down below so let's take a
look at what 500 looks like so
this is the corridor meeting rooms where
you can I used to have a lot of investor
calls in this very room it's not over
no it's not it's actually 507 this is
where we would all present so I provide
for my demo day here and yeah this is
fetch 21 I was part of batch 13
we have people coming in
eating chili yep 500 strong exactly you
know what was my favorite hey you're
taking my badge
I'm live streaming on YouTube okay hey
okay yeah he was some his company was
part of my badge he'll say hi later but
this was my favorite like place in the
whole office guess wise food all of the
food that you can dream up like we used
to have less food but this is super cool
right having that in your office and
more views more office work comfo and
yeah the view is really nice my favorite
so some guys but I know that's listen up
together more so I can you take on the
second song yeah good idea good it start
off idea and we're gonna go you know
what I want to show you guys very
important well if you ever come to to
this office here look look at that this
is my company this is the sticker I put
on this chair
doesn't great okay
yeah
so
yeah I think I'm gonna finish here so
that was it that was my tour or 500
setups and our talk about getting funded
getting your setup into an American
accelerator so this is not a university
this is an accelerator for early-stage
companies hold 500 startups where we
graduated from so yes you need an MVP
you need some traction good English guys
if you ever think of coming to San
Francisco
I really recommend taking a language
course in one of our schools in San
Francisco called I will see for example
I will leave a link below we'll be happy
to help you I would be super excited if
you use linguae trip to you know help
you study abroad and travel thank you so
much for watching this live street live
stream if you enjoyed it don't forget to
like please subscribe to my channel and
if you have any more questions please
write them down in comments below and I
will create a separate video thank you
so much for watching this and I'll see
you soon bye bye